feat: redesign react native documentation to match swift/kotlin [netlify-build] (#4690)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/index.md

All of Segment's libraries are open-source, and you can view Analytics for React Native 2.0 on GitHub. For more information, see the [Analytics React Native 2.0 GitHub repository](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-react-native){:target="_blank"}.

> info "Using Analytics for React Native Classic?"

> > Analytics React Native versions 1.5.1 and older are no longer supported by Segment. You can reference the [migration guide](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/migration/) to upgrade to the latest version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As of May 15, 2023, Segment ended support for [Analytics React Native Classic](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/classic), which includes versions 1.5.1 and older. [Upgrade to Analytics React Native 2.0](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/migration/) to use the latest version.
```

Reviewer: @alanjcharles we need to include a link to the Classic docs as the classic version will still exist at the end of support date until all users upgrade to the new version. We also don't use the term "migration guide" as "upgrade" is a better term

Author: Hi @stayseesong we've decided as a team to remove all reference to the classic library in the documentation so that we don't need to call the new one 2.0 and rather just refer to it as `Analytics React Native`. With that said, we can still provide a link to the old one somewhere in the docs so people can access it if you think that's the way to go
